# Overview

In this game, you play against the AI in a chess match. The AI has vast computational resources, but you have hacks. Use your hacks to win!

# How to execute the program

##### Linux

Make the `Chess Comp Stomp with Hacks - Linux` file executable and run it.

* `chmod a+x "./Chess Comp Stomp with Hacks - Linux"`
* `"./Chess Comp Stomp with Hacks - Linux"`

##### Windows

Run `Chess Comp Stomp with Hacks - Windows.exe`

# Licensing

##### Programming

The source code of Chess Comp Stomp with Hacks is licensed under the MIT license. However, note that it uses dependencies and other assets that are licensed under different licenses.

The game is written in C# and uses the MonoGame framework. See `Dependencies/MonoGame/MonoGame license.txt` for details about MonoGame's license.

##### Font

The font used by this game was generated by metaflop. (See http://www.metaflop.com/modulator for more details about metaflop.) As the website notes: "All outline-based fonts (webfonts or otf) that are generated with this project are licensed under the SIL Open Font License v1.1 (OFL). This means that you can freely use and extend the fonts and also use them commercially. Any derivative work has to be made freely available under the same license."

##### Images

The game uses images from Kenney Asset Pack. These images are licensed under Creative Commons Zero (CC0). See www.kenney.nl for more details.

The images of chess pieces were created by Cburnett (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User:Cburnett) and are licensed under the BSD license.

# How to compile the source code

The game is written in C#, so you need to have the .NET SDK installed.

Use the `dotnet publish` command to compile the source code. Note that MonoGame recommends disabling ReadyToRun and disabling tiered compilation for performance reasons. MonoGame also recommends building the project as a self-contained application so that it requires no external dependencies. We also publish the project as a single binary file simply to reduce the number of output files.

Linux:

    cd "Source code/ChessCompStompWithHacks"
    dotnet publish -c Release -r linux-x64 /p:PublishReadyToRun=false /p:TieredCompilation=false /p:PublishSingleFile=true --self-contained

Windows:

    cd "Source code/ChessCompStompWithHacks"
    dotnet publish -c Release -r win-x64 /p:PublishReadyToRun=false /p:TieredCompilation=false /p:PublishSingleFile=true --self-contained

Lastly, ensure that the `Data` folder is in the same folder as the resulting executable.

##### MonoGame NuGet packages

For convenience, a copy of the relevant MonoGame NuGet packages can be found in the `NugetSource` folder. This folder can be used as a local NuGet package feed.
